Add link to virtualenv < 20.0.0 changelog. (#1547)
pypa/virtualenv: docs/changelog.rst

   The current virtualenv is the second iteration of implementation. From version ``0.8`` all the way to ``16.7.9``
   we numbered the first iteration. Version ``20.0.0b1`` is a complete rewrite of the package, and as such this release

>    history starts from there. The old changelog is still available in the `virtualenv < 20.0.0 documentation <https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/16.7.9/changes.html>`_.

Reviewer: Let's use the legacy name, see https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/legacy/

Author: Good idea!

>    history starts from there. The old changelog is still available in the `virtualenv < 20.0.0 documentation <https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/16.7.9/changes.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   history starts from there. The old changelog is still available in virtualenv's `legacy documentation <https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/legacy/changes.html>`_.
```

Reviewer: seems I'm not allowed to push to @jezdez repository, so can't accept suggested changes

Author: Woops, sorry, only seeing this now :)
